docs(weave): Add ngrok callout (#3978)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/tools/playground.md

1. In the upper left corner of the Playground UI, click the **Select a model** dropdown.
2. Select **+ Add AI provider**.
3. In the pop-up modal, enter the provider information:

   - _Provider name_: For example, `openai` or `ollama`.
   - _API key_: For example, an OpenAI API key.
   - _Base URL_: For example, `https://api.openai.com/v1/` or a ngrok URL `https://e452-2600-1700-45f0-3e10-2d3f-796b-d6f2-8ba7.ngrok-free.app`.
   - _Headers_ (optional): You can add multiple header keys and values.
   - _Models_: You can add multiple models for one provider. For example, `deepseek-r1` and `qwq`.
   - _Max tokens_ (optional): For each model, you can specify the max tokens that the model can generate in a response.

4. Once you've entered your provider information, click **Add provider**.
5. Select your new provider and available model(s) from the **Select a model** dropdown in the upper left corner of the Playground UI.

> > **Note:** Due to CORS restrictions, you cannot directly call `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` URLs from the Playground. If you're running a local model server (like Ollama), you'll need to use a tunneling service like ngrok to expose it securely. See the section below on using [ngrok with Ollama](#using-ngrok-with-ollama).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::important
Because of CORS restrictions, you can't call localhost or 127.0.0.1 URLs directly from the Playground. If you're running a local model server (such as Ollama), use a tunneling service like ngrok to expose it securely. For details, see [Using ngrok with Ollama](https://github.com/wandb/weave/pull/3978/files#using-ngrok-with-ollama).
```

3. In the **Custom providers** table, find the custom provider you want to update.
4. In the **Last Updated** column of the entry for your custom provider, click the delete button (the trashcan icon).
5. In the pop-up modal, confirm that you want to delete the provider. This action cannot be undone.
6. Click **Delete**.

> ### Using ngrok with Ollama
> 
> If you're running Ollama locally and want to test it in the Playground, you can use ngrok to create a temporary public URL that bypasses CORS restrictions. Here's how:
> 
> 1. Install ngrok using Homebrew:
> 
>    ```bash
>    brew install ngrok
>    ```
> 
> 2. Start your Ollama model:
> 
>    ```bash
>    ollama run <model>
>    ```
> 
> 3. In a separate terminal, create an ngrok tunnel with the proper CORS headers:
>    ```bash
>    ngrok http 11434 --response-header-add "Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *" --host-header rewrite
>    ```
> 
> Once ngrok is running, it will provide you with a public URL (like `https://xxxx-xxxx.ngrok-free.app`). Use this as the Base URL when adding Ollama as a custom provider in the Playground.

Reviewer: I modified step 1 to link to Ngrok install instructions / make it system agnostic

```suggestion
### Use ngrok with Ollama

To test a locally running Ollama model in the Playground, use ngrok to create a temporary public URL that bypasses CORS restrictions. 

To set it up, do the following:

1. [Install ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#step-1-install) for your operating system.
2. Start your Ollama model:

   ```bash
   ollama run <model>
   ```

3. In a separate terminal, create an ngrok tunnel with the required CORS headers:

   ```bash
   ngrok http 11434 --response-header-add "Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *" --host-header rewrite
   ```

After ngrok starts, it will display a public URL, such as `https://xxxx-xxxx.ngrok-free.app`. Use this URL as the base URL when you add Ollama as a custom provider in the Playground.
```
